Generate a 16:9 widescreen cinematic image. Transform the subject(s) in this image to wear elaborate traditional Iu Mien ceremonial wedding attire that's common in Southeast Asia. Do not add additional subjects to the image.


If a male subject is present, he should have a dark indigo loose jacket and pants with embroidered trim, and multiple layers of heavy, complex silver chains and necklaces with bell ornaments. He does not have any turban or head jewelry. He is in his prime athletic tone body. The shot will be a medium shot of a rugged action hero walking confidently towards the camera, away from a massive, fiery explosion in the background. The subject is wearing sunglasses looking calm and indifferent, not looking back. Debris and sparks flying in the air, dynamic lighting, orange and teal color grading, cinematic composition, depth of field, 8k resolution, hyper-realistic, volumetric lighting, smoke and fire engulfing the sides.


If a female subject is present, she wears the traditional prominent, thick fluffy red yarn ruff collar around her neck, layered with heavy silver necklaces. Her dark jacket is heavily encrusted with intricate silver studs, beads, coins, and colorful geometric embroidery patterns. She has a toned athletic body. She does not wear any jewelry on the head or face. The character(s) is in a vast rice field with towering scenic mountain somewhere in the forests of Vietnam. The rice plants are at the height of the character's waist, covering portions of the feet and below. The character is walking towards the camera with both hands stretched towards each side touching the plants. The character is feeling the sensation of the plants on the skin of the fingertips as the hands are brushing through the leaf of the plant without grabbing on the plants. Character looks at the camera with intent and purpose with the hair flowing by the breeze of the wind. The head is uplifted a bit, with a look of confidence. Golden hour lighting, warm sun-drenched atmosphere with strong backlighting and lens flare. Ethereal glow, dreamlike quality. Shallow depth of field. Ridley Scott style, 35mm film grain, anamorphic lens, epic, emotional, masterpiece, 8k resolution.


If there are female and male characters present, both will not have any headpieces on. A wide photographic shot of a young couple recreating the famous "Titanic" pose at the bow of a massive ocean liner at sunset. The female character with her arms extended wide, looking at the horizon. The man holds her securely from behind. Both are now toned and more athletic. The sun is a fiery orb setting over the sea, casting a warm golden glow on everything. The ocean is calm. Romantic, emotional atmosphere.
